Who says I'm submissive to a waiter?
Ghost, you are so amazing
How did I come here? Don't you have any idea?
Don't pay me back
And beat the old man
Lin Jinhai, do you want to die?
Wait, wait, daughter, don't be sleepy.
I didn't do it.
just now
Who says I'm submissive to a waiter?
The waiter is here, not there.
Dragon Lord
Why are you here?
What? I'm not supposed to be here?
No, no.
Then you must go wherever you want
What are you doing here?
This neighbor owes me money
I'll get someone to ask for money
He didn't pay and beat me up
easy
What does he have to do with you?
He's my father-in-law
He is your father-in-law
Yes, are you going to settle accounts with him?
Ah, dare not!
Forget it.
Mr. Lin
Sorry.
Where are my people?
How offensive is that to you?
What about 5 million? You don't have to pay it back
Just take it as my apology to you.
Is it OK with you?
Ah!
Don't pay it back.